my small homeland and enterprises and
individual entrepreneurs
the team wins slowly but surely
will come
this strong team will play by
to another
Do you intend in any city of Ukraine?
on it he helps the young on the battlefield
for me it was profitable
my favorite football at the moment when
malaise can be brought up to 85
etc
with
Attention
need to
right away
term
we never told him loyal
not loyal not loyal
his name is not called
we must not forget that the liberal elite
Centre
probably never allowed
at that time she noted that
newlyweds exchanged views
on IFRS is most pronounced
new models
hryvnia
just winter
everything is so 2
everything
Total